kneel down
I tell you to kneel, you kneel
So much crap.
You boy and master
It's also a mentor and apprentice
This sword master will teach you
Kowtow to the old man
What are you stunned for?
Do you want to apprentice?
Oh kowtow to the old man
This old man's swordsmanship is not passed on to outsiders
Ye Xuan, Master Xie teaches the scriptures
I thought I would teach it to you later.
Who knew you were all leaving?
How to practice with this old man, this sword fairy
Where are you wronged?
The master is good to Ye Xuan
Ye Xuan's fame will never be forgotten
Well, then give the old man a good practice
Don't embarrass him
Xie Sien
Yeah, see Hill again.
Don't burden
Disciple understands
Go away
if
If there is nothing wrong, don't run to the old man
It's annoying to see you
If nothing happens
Occasionally come back to see the master
The foundation is really talented
In just a few days, I can master the knack of stabilizing arrays
Yes, the foundation failed to cross the calamity back then
Mana blocked
All skills
Exiled to the mortal world as bait
I'm also worried that he won't be able to guard the formation strictly
After we find him
He left him with Jinxian Gu Changxi to recuperate
So I guess so.
Until the foundation law is restored
Our family will be prosperous
We have to get out of here.
I think it's nice here.
Clothes come to reach out and meals come to open your mouth
Practice the exercises casually
The repair array is strict
It's really suitable for lying flat as a salted fish, but
I miss grandpa
Miss Brother Ye Xuan
I don't even know them.
Oops, people have grown up
Always leave home
Always work.
And such a simple and mindless job
I'm sure you'll get used to it soon.
What love or not?
You're just too naive.
I don't understand what you're saying, sister.
I don't want to be here.
I want to go home.
Here is the cage
I miss Brother Ye Xuan
I want to stay with Brother Ye Xuan
We just got married
I don't want to be locked in a cage like this
Marriage or the grave?
There is no better cell in the grave
Still such a luxurious cell
There you are.
When a princess is loved by everyone
Is it not good?
I just want to be spoiled by Brother Ye Quan alone
A woman in love is unbelievable
What's wrong with Zhang?
How come?
Is not listening to the truth